feat(js/deno): Remove options `xhr`, `history` and `dom` from deno breadcrumbs (#9295)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/deno/configuration/integrations/breadcrumbs.mdx

---
title: Breadcrumbs
excerpt: ""
description: "Learn how Sentry wraps native APIs of Deno to capture breadcrumbs."
sidebar_order: 1
---

_Import name: `Sentry.breadcrumbsIntegration`_

> This integration is enabled by default. You can also [modify default integrations](./../#modifying-default-integrations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration is enabled by default. If you'd like to modify your default integrations, read [this](./../#modifying-default-integrations).
```

The `breadcrumbsIntegration` wraps native APIs to capture breadcrumbs.
By default, the Sentry SDK wraps all APIs. You can opt out of capturing breadcrumbs for specific parts of your application (for example, you could say don't capture `console.log` calls as breadcrumbs) via the options below.

## Options

### `console`

_Type: `boolean`_

Log calls to `console.log`, `console.debug`, and so on.

### `fetch`

_Type: `boolean`_

> Log HTTP requests done with the Fetch API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log HTTP requests done with the Fetch API.
```

---
title: Breadcrumbs
excerpt: ""

> description: "Wraps native APIs to capture breadcrumbs. (default)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how the JavaScript framework Deno wraps native APIs to capture breadcrumbs."
```

sidebar_order: 1

> notSupported:

Reviewer 2: If you create a page in a guide, you do not longer need to specify for with other platforms/guides is isn't supported. You could remove the `notSupported` list

  - javascript.electron
---

_Import name: `Sentry.breadcrumbsIntegration`_

> This integration is [enabled by default](./../#modifying-default-integrations).
> 
> This integration wraps native APIs to capture breadcrumbs. By default, the Sentry SDK wraps all APIs.
> You can opt-out of capturing breadcrumbs for specific parts of your application (e.g. do not capture `console.log` calls as breadcrumbs) via the options below.
> 
> In

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When you're using Sentry's SDK for Deno, the breadcrumbs-capture integration wraps native APIs to capture breadcrumbs. Because the Sentry SDK wraps all APIs, this integration is enabled by default. Read about how to modify default integrations [here](./../#modifying-default-integrations).

You can opt out of capturing breadcrumbs for specific parts of your application (for example, you could say don't capture `console.log` calls as breadcrumbs) via the options below.

```
We try to stay away from Latin abbreviations (eg, etc,...) 
We also use contractions as much as possible (do not > don't)
:)

Author: I actually find it useful to have the information that this is a default integration at the top :) I also talked to @lforst and he also thinks that having that really short at the top is better.

What do you think of that:

> This integration is enabled by default. You can also [modify default integrations](./../#modifying-default-integrations).
> 
> The `breadcrumbsIntegration` wraps native APIs to capture breadcrumbs. By default, the Sentry SDK wraps all APIs. You can opt out of capturing breadcrumbs for specific parts of your application (for example, you could say don't capture `console.log` calls as breadcrumbs) via the options below.

As all other pages with default integrations have this first line "This integration is enabled by default", I would modify the "base page" for integrations too in another PR -  if my suggestion is alright :)

## Options

> 
> ### `console`
> 
> _Type: `boolean`_
> 
> Log calls to `console.log`, `console.debug`, etc.
> 
> ### `fetch`
> 
> _Type: `boolean`_
> 
> Log HTTP requests done with the Fetch API
> 
> ### `sentry`
> 
> _Type: `boolean`_
> 
> Log whenever we send an event to the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

`console`

_Type: `boolean`_

Log calls to `console.log`, `console.debug`, and so on.

`fetch`

_Type: `boolean`_

Log HTTP requests done with the Fetch API.

`sentry`

_Type: `boolean`_

Log whenever we send an event to the server.
```

Author: I think we still need this, as people can directly link to the H3 of the option.
